Yes — the UX can be way better. Right now it’s “a lot of power in a skinny column,” and the user’s eyes have no clear path. The fix is to make it feel like a command center: controls on the left, big readable output on the right, and objections as a drawer.

Here’s a clean upgrade plan you can hand to Replit.

1) Make it a true 2-column workspace
Current problem

Everything is stacked and small.

Script preview is too narrow to read comfortably.

Objections compete for attention.

Fix

Desktop layout:

Left (35%) = Strategy controls + Selected Points + Objections

Right (65%) = Live Script Preview (big, readable, sticky)

And make the script preview sticky so it stays visible while editing.

2) Turn “Live Strategy” into a stepper that actually feels like a process

You already have the phases. Make them visual:

Stepper across top of preview: 1 Verify → 2 Reality → 3 Offer → 4 Objections → 5 Close

Each step shows a short purpose line:

Verify: “Ask for receipts”

Offer: “Anchor + calibrated question”

Close: “Timebox + logistics”

Add Next / Back buttons.

3) Objection Engine should be a drawer (not always open)

Right now it’s stealing vertical space.

Change it to:

Collapsed by default as “Objections (12)” with search

Clicking opens a right-side drawer or bottom sheet with:

search

categories

copy / insert buttons

This makes the main page feel less busy.

4) Selected Points needs the three-state legend (and less height)

You already started this. Make it compact:

Show Selected (4) as pills, not tall cards

Each pill shows:

name

$ exposure

confidence icon

IN SCRIPT badge

Add “+ Add point” to pull in more.

5) Make the script preview feel like an editor, not a static box

Add:

Copy Text / Copy Email / Copy Talk Track buttons (separate)

Inline highlights tied to selected points (click highlight → jumps to point)

“Send to: Seller / Dealer” toggle (changes language)

And increase font size and line height.

6) Add a “Quick Actions” strip (this is huge)

Top-right above the preview:

Regenerate (same settings)

Make shorter

Make more firm

Add timebox

Insert pre-butt

Add 1 more leverage point

These should modify variables, not just regenerate.

7) Fix the whitespace + centering

You have a ton of empty space around a narrow central card.

Expand the main container width on desktop

Reduce top padding

Move “Vehicle Analysis” header into a compact bar so the content starts higher

Replit copy/paste spec
Leverage Builder layout improvements:

- Switch to 2-column desktop layout:
  Left (strategy controls + selected points + objections), Right (large sticky script preview).
- Make Live Strategy a true stepper (Verify → Reality → Offer → Objections → Close) with Next/Back + short purpose labels.
- Move Objection Response Engine into a collapsible drawer/sheet (not always expanded).
- Compact Selected Points into pills with 3-state indicator (Selected / In Script) and exposure/confidence metadata.
- Upgrade script preview to an editor-like experience:
  bigger typography, inline highlights mapped to points, separate Copy buttons for Text/Email/Talk Track, and Seller/Dealer toggle.
- Add Quick Actions strip: Regenerate, Shorten, More firm, Add timebox, Pre-butt, Add point.
- Expand container width + reduce wasted whitespace/padding at top.